[{
    "_id": "2010",
    "subcode": "17AE51",
    "subname": "MANAGEMENT AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP",
    "m1": "Module 1",
    "m1desc": "Management: \nDefinition, Importance – Nature and Characteristics of Management, Management Functions, Roles of Manager, Levels of Management, Managerial Skills, Management & Administration, Management as a Science, Art & Profession. \n\nPlanning: \nNature, Importance and Purpose Of Planning, Types of Plans, Steps in Planning, Limitations of Planning, Decision Making – Meaning, Types of Decisions- Steps in Decision Making.",
    "m2": "Module 2",
    "m2desc": "Organizing and Staffing: \nMeaning, Nature and Characteristics of Organization – Process of Organization, Principles of Organization, Departmentalisation, Committees –meaning, Types of Committees, Centralization Vs Decentralization of Authority and Responsibility, Span of Control (Definition only), Nature and Importance of Staffing, Process of Selection and Recruitment.   \n\nDirecting and Controlling: \nMeaning and Nature of DirectingLeadership Styles, Motivation Theories Communication – Meaning and Importance, Coordination- Meaning and Importance, Techniques of Coordination. Controlling – Meaning, Steps in Controlling.",
    "m3": "Module 3",
    "m3desc": "Social Responsibilities of Business: \nMeaning of Social Responsibility, Social Responsibilities of Business towards Different Groups, Social Audit, Business Ethics and Corporate Governance.   \n\nEntrepreneurship: \nDefinition of Entrepreneur, Importance of Entrepreneurship, concepts of Entrepreneurship, Characteristics of successful Entrepreneur, Classification of Entrepreneurs, Intrapreneur – An Emerging Class, Comparison between Entrepreneur and Intrapreneur, Myths of Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurial Development  models, Entrepreneurial development cycle, Problems faced by Entrepreneurs and capacity building for Entrepreneurship.   ",
    "m4": "Module 4",
    "m4desc": "Modern Small Business Enterprises: \nRole of Small Scale Industries, Concepts and definitions of SSI Enterprises, Government policy and development of the Small Scale sector in India, Growth and Performance of Small Scale Industries in India, Sickness in SSI sector, Problems for Small Scale Industries, Impact of Globalization on SSI, Impact of WTO/GATT on SSIs, Ancillary Industry and Tiny Industry (Definition only).  \n\nInstitutional Support for Business Enterprises: \nIntroduction, Policies & Schemes of Central–Level Institutions, State-Level Institutions.",
    "m5": "Module 5",
    "m5desc": "Project Management: \nMeaning of Project, Project Objectives & Characteristics, Project Identification- Meaning & Importance;  Project Life Cycle, Project Scheduling, Capital Budgeting, Generating an Investment Project Proposal, Project Report-Need and Significance of Report, Contents, Formulation, Project Analysis-Market,  Technical, Financial, Economic, Ecological, Project Evaluation and Selection, Project Financing, Project Implementation Phase, Human & Administrative aspects of Project Management, Prerequisites for Successful Project Implementation.",
    "descname": "Prescribed text books",
    "descdata": "Text  Books: \n1. Principles of Management–P.C.Tripathi, P.N.Reddy –Tata Mc Graw Hill, \n2. Dynamics of Entrepreneurial Development & Management Vasant Desai-Himalaya Publishing House \n3. Entrepreneurship Development – Poornima. M. Charantimath Small Business Enterprises-Pearson Education-2006.   \n\nReference Books:  \n1. Management Fundamentals-  Concepts, Application, Skill Development-Robers LusierThomson \n2. Entrepreneurship Development - S.S. Khanka- S. Chand & Co. \n3. Management-Stephen Robbins-Pearson Education/PHI-17th Edition,2003.",
    "notesurl": "",
    "notesscreenname": "NotesListFile",
    "notesscreenparams": "",
    "qpscreentype": "QPaperListFile",
    "qpurl": "",
    "qpscreenparams": "",
    "qbscreentype": "QBankListFile",
    "qburl": "",
    "qbscreenparams": ""
}]
